Update capacity_planning.md (#3654)
chef/chef-server: docs-chef-io/content/server/capacity_planning.md

-   Start with 8 CPU cores and 32GB of RAM, which is equivalent to an
    Amazon EC2 `m3.2xlarge` instance

**Scaling beyond 10,000 nodes:**

> -   Additional capacity can be gained by placing the front-end node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use [Chef Backend]({{< relref "/install_server_ha/" >}}) to scale beyond 10,000 nodes.
```

>     behind an HTTP load balancer, scaling front-end nodes
>     horizontally, and adding a shared Postgres and ElasticSearch backend 
>     cluster
> -   Chef recommends that this is achieved by using the [Chef Backend](https://docs.chef.io/server/install_server_ha/) product 
> -   Chef professional services can be engaged to help with capacity and architectural planning at this size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Place the front-end node behind an HTTP load balancer, scale the front-end nodes horizontally, and add a shared Postgres and ElasticSearch backend cluster.
- Contact Chef professional services for help with capacity and architectural planning at this size.
```
